Readme.md, before:

# Responsive Pretty Good Base Theme Orchard Theme Readme



## Project Description

Responsive PGBT is a responsive Orchard theme that aims to provide a set of common markup and styling so other themes can easily inherit from it.

The theme extends [Pretty Good Base Theme](https://github.com/Lombiq/Pretty-Good-Base-Theme) with responsive properties taken from [The Theme Machine Responsive](http://responsivetheme.codeplex.com/) theme so credit goes to the Planet Telex team!  
The theme is designed with the same aims as PGBT itself and can be used in the same way. Take a look at the [PGBT](https://github.com/Lombiq/Pretty-Good-Base-Theme) documentation for more info.

**The theme is dependent on [Pretty Good Base Theme](https://github.com/Lombiq/Pretty-Good-Base-Theme) so install it first!**

The module's source is available in two public source repositories, automatically mirrored in both directions with [Git-hg Mirror](https://githgmirror.com):

- [https://bitbucket.org/Lombiq/responsive-pretty-good-base-theme](https://bitbucket.org/Lombiq/responsive-pretty-good-base-theme) (Mercurial repository)
- [https://github.com/Lombiq/Responsive-Pretty-Good-Base-Theme](https://github.com/Lombiq/Responsive-Pretty-Good-Base-Theme) (Git repository)

Bug reports, feature requests and comments are warmly welcome, **please do so via GitHub**.
Feel free to send pull requests too, no matter which source repository you choose for this purpose.

This project is developed by [Lombiq Technologies Ltd](http://lombiq.com/). Commercial-grade support is available through Lombiq.

Commit message:

Changing licence to BSD 3-Clause and updating Readme to new format

Readme.md, after:

# Responsive Pretty Good Base Theme Orchard Theme



## About

Responsive PGBT is a responsive Orchard theme that aims to provide a set of common markup and styling so other themes can easily inherit from it.

The theme extends [Pretty Good Base Theme](https://github.com/Lombiq/Pretty-Good-Base-Theme) with responsive properties taken from [The Theme Machine Responsive](http://responsivetheme.codeplex.com/) theme so credit goes to the Planet Telex team!  
The theme is designed with the same aims as PGBT itself and can be used in the same way. Take a look at the [PGBT](https://github.com/Lombiq/Pretty-Good-Base-Theme) documentation for more info.

**The theme is dependent on [Pretty Good Base Theme](https://github.com/Lombiq/Pretty-Good-Base-Theme) so install it first!**


## Contributing and support

Bug reports, feature requests, comments, questions, code contributions, and love letters are warmly welcome, please do so via GitHub issues and pull requests. Please adhere to our [open-source guidelines](https://lombiq.com/open-source-guidelines) while doing so.

This project is developed by [Lombiq Technologies](https://lombiq.com/). Commercial-grade support is available through Lombiq.
